docs/docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# What is Stoat?

Stoat helps users aggregate data from GitHub builds into a single
GitHub pull request comment that is updated as new data becomes available. You can think of this
static comment as a customizable build dashboard for your pull requests.

With just a couple minutes of configuration, you can automatically add PR comments that contain links to test coverage reports, Storybook.js component summaries, build time summaries, and more:

![Stoat Screenshot](../static/img/example-screenshot.png)

## How it works

Stoat consists of a [GitHub Application](https://github.com/apps/stoat-app) and a [GitHub Action](https://github.com/stoat-dev/stoat-action).

The GitHub Action pushes data for a specific build to the Stoat servers. This data might be files produced as side effects of a build, such as
code coverage reports, frontend component previews, or documentation pages. This data might also be any JSON blob that represents 
test runtime data or any other values that are computed as part of the build.

The GitHub Application listens for any changes on a pull request, which the Stoat servers pass along to render a static comment on every
PR. We call this a "static comment" because unlike some GitHub tools that create new comments on every change, Stoat creates 
a single comment and updates it as changes come in.

Here are the current Stoat features and links to in-depth tutorials.

| Feature                                       | Description                                                                |
|:----------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Static hosting](tutorials/static-hosting)    | Host any build artifacts for preview.                                      |
| [Job runtime tracking](tutorials/job-runtime) | Track the runtime of all GitHub workflow runs for a pull request.          |
| [CLI](tutorials/cli)                          | Get started quickly on existing repos and run Stoat in local mode.         |
| [Templating](tutorials/templating)            | Use any data from the build and render your custom pull request dashboard. |

Commit message:

refactor docs structure (#77)
Refactor our docs to separate out pitching to different personas, core
concepts, and use-case-based tutorials. Also quite a few cleanups.

- [x] docs/intro.md
- [x] docs/concepts/local-previews.md
- [x] docs/concepts/aggregation.md
- [x] docs/concepts/templating.md
- [x] docs/concepts/static-hosting.mdx
- [x] docs/concepts/configuring.md
- [x] docs/tutorials/build-runtimes.md
- [x] docs/tutorials/view-reports.md
- [x] docs/tutorials/create-and-update-comment.md
- [x] docs/tutorials/index.mdx
- [x] docs/tutorials/preview-components.mdx
- [x] docs/tutorials/preview-images.mdx
- [x] docs/tutorials/preview-videos.md
- [x] docs/tutorials/preview-docs.mdx
- [x] docs/tutorials/static-hosting/jest.mdx (should remove)
- [x] docs/tutorials/static-hosting/jacoco.mdx (should remove)
- [x] docs/tutorials/static-hosting/docusaurus.mdx (should remove)
- [x] docs/partials/_persona_list.mdx
- [x] docs/partials/_tip_use_cli.mdx (should remove)
- [x] docs/partials/_pricing_table.mdx
- [x] docs/partials/_tutorial_list.mdx
- [x] docs/installation.mdx
- [x] docs/why-stoat/python.md
- [x] docs/why-stoat/index.mdx
- [x] docs/why-stoat/managers.md
- [x] docs/why-stoat/javascript.md
- [x] docs/why-stoat/java.md
- [x] docs/why-stoat/devops.md
- [x] docs/company/pricing.mdx
- [x] docs/company/vision.md
- [x] docs/company/roadmap.md
- [x] docs/company/contact-us.md
- [x] docs/company/team.md
- [x] docs/company/updates.md

docs/docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# What is Stoat?

Stoat is a SaaS platform for developer tooling focused on aggregating data across GitHub builds into a single pull request comment
that is updated as new data becomes available. This comment as a customizable build dashboard embedded in your pull requests.

In only a few minutes, you can access test coverage reports, Storybook.js component summaries, build time summaries, and more from a GitHub comment:

![Stoat Screenshot](../static/img/example-screenshot.png)

## Technical Details

* [Stoat GitHub Action](https://github.com/stoat-dev/stoat-action)
  * Pushes data (build reports, static sites, metrics, JSON) for builds to the Stoat server.
* [Stoat GitHub Application](https://github.com/apps/stoat-app)
  * Calls the Stoat server to render comments.
* Stoat Server
  * Listens for webhooks from the GitHub application.
  * Stores and aggregates build data pushed by the GitHub action.
  * Serves static files.
  * Creates and updates pull request comments.

## Get Started

It only takes a couple of minutes to add Stoat to your repo.

[Try our getting started guide to set up Stoat today!](./installation)
